README.md, before:

This is a simple gen_server node to send messages on AIM, Google Chat, Email, SMS, or Twitter using messagepub.

It is very easy to use:

1) Sign up for an account at <a href="http://messagepub.com">messagepub.com</a>

2) Once you've signed up, get your API key by going to your <em>Account Settings</em> at messagepub.com.

3) Compile messagepub.erl: 

<pre>
c(messagepub).
</pre>

4) Start the gen_server with your API KEY: 

<pre>
messagepub:start_link("YOUR API KEY").
</pre>
  
5) Send messages using the send method. It takes three arguments: the _channel_ (aim, twitter, email, gchat, phone, sms), the _address_, and the _message_. See examples below:

<pre>
messagepub:send("email","joe@example.com", "hello joe").
messagepub:send("twitter", "the_real_shaq", "hi shaq!").
messagepub:send("gchat", "example@gmail.com", "Hello friend").
messagepub:send("aim", "username", "Saying hi from erlang").
messagepub:send("sms", "1234567890", "Hi my SMS friend").
messagepub:send("phone", "1234567890", "Hello on the phone").
</pre>

Commit message:

Switched Notification and Recipient to use records, completed additional api calls, and set notifications to allow multiple recipients.

README.md, after:

This is a simple gen_server node to send messages on AIM, Google Chat, Email, SMS, or Twitter using messagepub.

It is very easy to use:

1) Sign up for an account at <a href="http://messagepub.com">messagepub.com</a>

2) Once you've signed up, get your API key by going to your <em>Account Settings</em> at messagepub.com.

3) Compile messagepub.erl.  Don't forget to rr("messagepub.hrl") for records if in shell.

<pre>
c(messagepub).
rr("messagepub.hrl").
</pre>

4) Start the gen_server with your API KEY: 

<pre>
messagepub:start_link("YOUR API KEY").
</pre>

5) Build a list of recipients you wish to send to.  Order of recipients is used as the position in messagepub.

<pre>
Recipients = [messagepub:email_recipient("joe@gmail.com"), messagepub:sms_recipient("123456789")].
</pre>

Available helpers for building recipients are `twitter_recipient/1, gchat_recipient/1, aim_recipient/1, email_recipient/1, sms_recipient/1, phone_recipient/1`.

6) Build and send your notification:

<pre>
Notification = messagepub:new_notification("Your message here!", Recipients).
messagepub:create(Notification).
</pre>

Supported calls to api through: `create/1, view/0, get_notification/1, cancel/1, replies/0`
